discarding staticATokens from doc (#62)
aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge: README.md

Starknet users will continue to enjoy the same rewards as on L1 after bridging their assets. To achieve that we continuously update the `rewards_index` of all staticATokens to match the value of their respective aTokens on L1, by tracking the reward index on departure of the static token and sending the rewards accrued during the bridging process to the recipients address.

## Claiming rewards on L2

To claim rewards users need to call `claim_rewards` on ETHStaticAToken contract which calls the bridge in return to mint the due `rewAAVE` tokens to the user.

## Bridging rewards from L2->L1  <a name="bridging-rewards-from-l2--l1"></a>
 

Calling `bridge_rewards` on L2 token bridge results in: 

- The bridged amount of `rewAAVE` tokens will be burned.
- The L1 bridge receives the bridging message and claims the rewards amount to self by calling `claimRewards` on the `IncentivesController` contract.
- The rewards are then transferred to the L1 recipient. 

## Proxies

All calls made to the following contracts will be handled by a proxy who delegates the calls to the available implementation of these contracts.
- Token bridge on L2 

> - staticATokens on L2

Reviewer: We'll be renaming these to `static_a_tokens`

Reviewer: I'll rename this in a separate pr

# AAVE Starknet Bridge

[![Tests](https://github.com/aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Tests](https://github.com/aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
<a href="https://github.com/aave-starknet-project/aave-starknet-bridge/blob/main/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/sourcerer-io/hall-of-fame.svg?colorB=ff0000"></a>

:warning: This codebase is still in an experimental phase, has not been audited, might contain bugs and should not be used in production.

> ## Table of contents

Reviewer 2: Thanks a lot for this! We could add numbers and group some sections together, like this:

```
## Table of contents
  * [1. Overview](#overview)
  * [2. Architecture](#architecture)
    * [2.1. Contracts](#contracts)
    * [2.2. ETHStaticATokens on L2](#ethstaticatokens-on-l2)
    * [2.3. Bridging aTokens from L1<>L2](#bridging-atokens-from-l1--l2)
      * [2.3.1. Transfer L1->L2](#transfer-l1--l2-)
      * [2.3.2. Transfer L2->L1](#transfer-l2--l1-)
    * [2.4. Synchronisation of rewards on L1 <> L2](#synchronisation-of-rewards-on-l1----l2)
    * [2.5. Claiming rewards on L2](#claiming-rewards-on-l2)
    * [2.6. Bridging rewards from L2->L1](#bridging-rewards-from-l2--l1)
    * [2.7. Proxies](#proxies)
    * [2.8. Governance](#governance)
  * [3. Development](#governance)
    * [3.1 Setup](#environment)
    * [3.2 Tests](#run-the-tests)
    * [3.3. Deployment](#deployment)
```

Author: agreed

  * [Overview](#overview)
  * [Architecture](#architecture)
  * [Contracts](#contracts)
  * [ETHStaticATokens on L2](#ethstaticatokens-on-l2)
  * [Bridging aTokens from L1<>L2](#bridging-atokens-from-l1--l2)
    + [Transfer L1->L2](#transfer-l1--l2-)
    + [Transfer L2->L1](#transfer-l2--l1-)
  * [Synchronisation of rewards on L1 <> L2](#synchronisation-of-rewards-on-l1----l2)
  * [Claiming rewards on L2](#claiming-rewards-on-l2)
  * [Bridging rewards from L2->L1](#bridging-rewards-from-l2--l1)
  * [Proxies](#proxies)
  * [Governance](#governance)
  * [Development Setup](#environment)
  * [Tests](#run-the-tests)
  * [Deployment](#deployment)

## Overview

For Aave, one of the main current and future goals is growth of liquidity and user base. As seen on side-chains with low transaction cost like Polygon or Avalanche, there is high demand to use the Aave protocol with small amounts to earn high yield. That's why we brought to you an initial phase of the Aave <> Starknet integration allowing deposit/withdrawal on Aave Ethereum by exclusively transacting on Starknet.

> The bridge allows users to deposit and withdraw their `aTokens` on StarkNet and get wrapped tokens `ETHStaticATokens` that allow users to keep enjoying the same rewards as on L1. 

Reviewer 2: Why removing the link to `aToken definition? Also, you should add a small description for staticAToken. Readers coming to this repo are not all knowledgeable about Aave infra.

Author: restored :)

The bridge is also shaped for liquidity providers who are able to assume Ethereum cost of deposit/withdrawal, as they transact large amounts. They will deposit on Aave Ethereum, bridge the staticATokens to Starknet and make them available for users there to buy and hold, accruing this way yield from L1. 

## Architecture

> ![aave_bridge_v2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37840702/167132315-70923006-e5ef-42a8-a431-37bdb6c252c8.png)

Reviewer 2: very good! the image could be added to the repo

Natively, Aave tokens grow in balance, not in value. To be able to create this kind of model, it is important to wrap them before bridging, converting them in a token that grows in value, not in balance.

ETHStaticATokens are an implementation of the wrapped aTokens that will continuously increase in value on Starknet because they are backed by the increasing staticATokens amounts locked in the bridge contract on Ethereum. ETHStaticATokens can then be bridged back to aTokens.

## Bridging aTokens from L1<>L2

### Transfer L1->L2: 

Users can either bridge their aToken (let's say aDai) to L2 by calling `deposit()` on `TokenBridge`, or deposit the underlying asset (i.e Dai).

> Users wil then have to approve the bridge to spend the underlying `asset` tokens or `aTokens`, depending on the provided value for `fromAsset` argument when depositing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will have to approve the bridge to spend the underlying `asset` tokens or `aTokens`, depending on the provided value for `fromAsset` argument when depositing.
```

Calling `deposit` will result in the following: 

If depositing underlying `asset`:

- The `asset` token will be transfered from the user account to the L1 bridge.

> - The bridge will then deposit the `asset` token on the aToken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The bridge will then deposit the `asset` token in the aToken.
```

> - New aTokens will be minted to the bridge.

Reviewer: I'd drop this line

> - A message will be sent to the  L2 bridge with the amount to be transferred, the L1 token address and the recipient address as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A message will be sent to the  L2 bridge with the amount of `ETHstaticAToken` to be transferred, the L1 token address and the recipient address as parameters.
```

Natively, Aave tokens grow in balance, not in value. To be able to create this kind of model, it is important to wrap them before bridging, converting them in a token that grows in value, not in balance.

ETHStaticATokens are an implementation of the wrapped aTokens that will continuously increase in value on Starknet because they are backed by the increasing aTokens amounts locked in the bridge contract on Ethereum. ETHStaticATokens can then be bridged back to aTokens.

## Bridging aTokens from L1<>L2 <a name="bridging-atokens-from-l1--l2"></a>

### Transfer L1->L2: <a name="transfer-l1--l2-"></a>

Users can either bridge their aToken (let's say aDai) to L2 by calling `deposit()` on `TokenBridge`, or deposit the underlying asset (i.e Dai).
Users wil have to approve the bridge to spend the underlying `asset` tokens or `aTokens`, depending on the provided value for `fromAsset` argument when depositing.

> Calling `deposit` will result in the following: 

Reviewer 2: Calling `deposit` allows users deposit `aToken` or their underlying `asset`:
